feat(pkg/commands/logging): adds support for passing a filepath as an argument for format in logging commands (#1460)
fastly/cli: CHANGELOG.md

- feat(config): Support file/format for kv_store and secret_store in fastly.toml
- feat(config): Support metadata for kv_store in fastly.toml

> - feat(pkg/commands/logging): adds support for passing a filepath as an argument for format in logging commands

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- feat(logging): add support for passing a filepath as an argument for format in logging commands
```
